//Chapter-1 : The Lemonade //

"Damn it!" Ivaan exclaimed furiously looking at the fumes coming out of 
the engine of his car."Isko bhi abhi kharab hona tha when I'm already 
late for the meeting." he facepalmed. 
Ivaan was a Business executive in a very well known organisation. He was
travelling from Chandigarh to Shimla, a 3 hour drive in his car,to
attend a very important meeting. And his car broke down somewhere in the 
middle of the road where there seemed to be no buses or public vehicles.

"What do I do..what do i do...?"he asked himself tensed. 
After about 5 minutes he finally decided to call his friend cum colleague
Armaan to make some arrangements for him.
"Abbey yaar, jaane de..tu bas ek car bhej de..me jald se jald aane ki 
try karta hoon." Ivaan spoke into the phone.
"Bhai..car to me bhej doon,but meeting fir bhi attend nai honi tujhse
..meine location dekha tera..you are too far bud!..Do one thing,join us on
the video conference. I'll talk to them." Armaan suggested.
"Umm..acha Alright. Lemme find some place and a strong wifi..I'll call you
back later thanks." He hung up the call and started walking around to look
for a cafe or something where he could sit with his laptop and attend his 
meeting.
He could spot a small wooden cafe nearby..with the board 'Sweetbrew 18'.
He went inside and made himself comfortable,placed his laptop and ordered
himself a cinnamon coffee.
His order arrived and he asked the waiter if they had wifi. The waiter 
pointed towards a board on wall which said 'No wifi,talk to each other'.
"WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK? YOU GUYS DON'T HAVE A WIFI?" Ivaan shouted irritably
at the waiter. He looked at his coffee,the waiter had messed up his order.
"AND WHAT IS THIS? THIS IS NOT WHAT I ORDERED!" he barked at the waiter.
The waiter apologised to him 10 times and was called.

*Thud* Ivaan heard a thud on his table and looked at it."I did not order a lemonade!" he spoke through gritted teeth.
Ivaan looked at the glass of lemonade and saw a slender female hand with a bunch of colorful bangles and a beautiful
shiny bracelet. "On the house hai sir ji.." Ivaan closed his laptop and looked up at the source of the voice. 

 


